Out-of-the-box features:

Get Started
----------------------------------------
User registration 
Authentication and account registration 
Dual factor authentication 
Update contact info 
Greetings and help 

Easy Discovery
---------------------------------------------------
Branch locator 
ATM locator 
FX rate inquiry
Credit card recommendation 
View interest rates 

Everyday Tasks
-------------------------------------------------------------------
Transfer to own accounts 
Transfer to third party 
Mutual fund and equity transactions
Remote check deposit 
Rewards redemption 
Bill payment and presentment 
Add / modify / delete payee
P2P and recurring payments
Open term deposit

Service & Support
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Report lost or stolen card 
Past statement request
Stop payment of check 
Request checkbook
Request for callback
Request for human agent 

Retail banking
---------------------------------------------------------------
User and Account registration
Dual factor authentication
Branch and ATM locator
Spending analysis
Apply for new services and request checkbook, call back
Report lost or stolen card

Wealth and Asset Management
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Intelligent Risk Assessment questions
Portfolio rebalancing suggestion
Portfolio performance analysis
Mutual fund and equity transactions

Markets and Exchanges
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Currency rates data and rate alerts
Real-time financial market data

2. Authentication
This is a process where the user needs to verify their identity and is often used for bank chatbots.

Generated authentication tokens verify data that is requested through a chatbot. After verifying the user’s identity, the App generates a secure authentication token, along with the request.

Another step of security measures is authentication timeout. A generated token can be used for only a certain amount of time, and after that, the application has to make a new one.

Two-way verification is another step where the user is asked to verify their email address or to receive a code via SMS. This is a precaution step to verify that the user of that account is the real user that is using the chatbot.

3. Authorization

With this step, the process of getting information is to grant access to the user by executing a given task. For example, a chatbot will send you a push notification on your smartphone, and it will tell you to press this number to verify your identity.

This is another way to make sure that the right person is using the chatbot and making sure that all the information will be secured.


YES ROBOT is your 24*7 Personal Banking Assistant. Just open Facebook Messenger in your mobile phone, search for YES ROBOTand start chatting. No need to download another app or create an additional login!

You can check balance, recent transactions, send money, recharge your phone, pay your bills, check loan eligibility, hotlist debit card and apply for 60+YES BANK products and services on YES ROBOT

So start chatting and experience YES BANK Bot with over 20+Banking Services anytime, anywhere!



SECTION 3: TELLER IS THE FIRST TRULY SCALABLE FINANCIAL COACHING TOOL
How can banks provide financial education at scale and also address the many challenges posed by existing models of educational programs? The answer is through mobile messaging applications such as SMS, Facebook Messenger, and Whatsapp.

In the past few years, messaging applications have grown exponentially, and now have over four billion monthly active users.7 Adding in SMS, messaging apps are available to nearly everyone in the world. After all, unlike smartphone mobile applications, even the most basic feature phones are capable of sending and receiving messages. In this same time frame, two very important developments have taken hold:

The opening of messaging platforms for developers — As of two years ago, it was impossible to build a messaging application ‘inside’ one of the popular messaging platforms. However, more recently, the major tech companies have recognized the same potential that we are highlighting right now: businesses and other organizations will want to communicate with users through messaging. Accordingly, many of the major messaging platforms including Facebook Messenger, Line, and WeChat have already opened the gates, and many others will follow in the next few quarters.
The rise of ‘natural language understanding’ engines — Just a few years ago, if you wanted to build any kind of chat-based software, you would need to hire PhD’s to help you build the artificial intelligence backend of your application. These days, major tech companies are racing to release their cutting edge ’NLU’ tools to give developers access to the same technology that powers IBM Watson and Amazon Alexa.
With these new NLU tools, and messaging apps to deploy them, businesses are exploring brand new ways to provide services. These new services are commonly called ‘chatbots.’

Teller is a messaging platform, or ‘chatbot,’ that uses natural language understanding to help banks and other financial institutions, on-board, educate, and provide continuing support to their customers. A potential bank customer can chat with Teller to learn step-by-step how to open a bank account, set savings goals, build their income, and more.

Teller directly addresses many of the previous hurdles to chatbots.

Location agnostic — users can message their financial institution from anywhere in the world
Automated — because the entire system is automated, a chatbot can talk to ten or tens of thousands of customers at once (with only minimal staff needed for escalations)
Time independent — users can start a conversation, and if they get busy, resume hours or days later whenever they have time
Language independent — Teller will be available in multiple languages such as English, Hindi, Swahili, and others
Low barrier to use — talking to a real person in a bank can be intimidating, while chatting with a virtual banking assistant through a messaging app is much more approachable
Because no humans are involved, and the technology is hosted on cloud services (like Amazon Web Services), the cost for providing these tools is extremely low. Teller is currently exploring pilots with major financial institutions in both South Asia and Africa. These financial institutions are leveraging the Teller technology to scalably provide quick and convenient customer service and education to their customers. They are also excited at the prospect of using Teller to expand their reach to new customers.

CONCLUSION
Existing research, including and especially work done by the DFS Lab members, indicates that increasing financial literacy and access to financial services provide an achievable solution to improving economic well-being. Banks have historically been unable or unwilling to take on this challenge based on their own internal cost-benefit analyses. However, recent developments like NLU technology and the opening of messaging applications have created an opportunity. Teller allows banks to cheaply and scalably provide financial coaching and guidance to new and existing customers. With the help of Teller, financial institutions will finally be able to offer quick, convenient, and personalized financial guidance to anyone in the world.

Footnotes:
1. http://gflec.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/Finlit_paper_16_F2_singles.pdf 2 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3753821/
2. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3753821/
3. http://www.apa.org/monitor/oct01/wealthhealth.aspx
4. http://www.urban.org/sites/default/files/publication/49116/2000178-How-are-Income-and-Wealth-Linked- to-Health-and-Longevity.pdf
5. http://www.nber.org/papers/w22633
6. https://www.fdic.gov/consumers/community/research/qualitativeresearch_may2016.pdf
 7. https://research.hubspot.com/charts/messaging-apps-have-over-4b-monthly-active-users